And this is the first time I see you so sad for a woman,
Just give me a change,
As for finding it in China, it would be convenient at ordinary times. I would totally blame you for not daring to admit the crime.
Tell me, you have money,
I think you are sincere towards your sister-in-law.
By then, it’s almost time to eat,
You really ate, you said it was a surprise,
Still a surprise.
I think it must be a surprise,
Whoever pulls a Jiangcheng prince would not be happy.
Damn it, Tang Wan is not like this,
Just because my sister-in-law is simple,
If you don't plan to stay here with that.
If I go, you should tell him earlier, otherwise I
Who said I wasn’t going to ask him to be together?
Auntie is already smelling you
I will definitely be responsible for him
Are you here for real?
I want to ask you to change the taste
I see you are quite pretty
Then have you thought about how to tell him?
You are really distinguished
Not now
Is that person who just passed by Xiaocao?
Did he go to the hotel?